Last night, they were on their way to meet their friend Jim. They were about to take their usual route when they saw that it had been blocked off due to a group of people having a dance contest, so they decided to take another route. The only way around the crowd that they knew of was down a dark alley around the corner from their house. They grabbed their belongings and they set off. On their journey, they felt as if they were being watched. Assuming they were being paranoid they decided to keep walking. Suddenly the craziest thing happened! They were attacked!
On any average night anyone could go out without worrying about getting hurt. On this fateful night, they weren't so lucky. As they were walking home from the bar they decided to take a shortcut through the city park, as it was a faster way of getting home. They usually don't go this way because it is known for being very dangerous at night. In a rush, he decided to take his chances. As he was walking a mysterious figure jumped out from behind the trees and attacked them!
Last night there was a huge party and they were invited. They didn't really like the host all that much but decided to attend anyway. As the party was in full swing, They decided to take a walk and get some fresh air. Getting away from all the noise and into the dark night would really do them some good. When, suddenly, they were shoved.
Last night was a night like any other night. They were about to go to bed when they realized that they forgot their house keys in the car. Not being able to go to bed knowing that they left them out there, they decided to quickly fetch the keys. As they were walking down the driveway from the house to the car they heard a rustling sound in the bushes. They thought nothing of it and decided to continue walking. When suddenly, they were attacked!
One night, while they were watching TV they heard a loud noise coming from upstairs. Reluctantly, they decided to go check it out. But not without grabbing a weapon first... Just in case. They entered their bedroom to discover that the window had been smashed. Before he could give it a second thought something crazy happened. They were attacked!
Jim told his friend that they would meet up later tonight. It was just like any other night. They got dressed, grabbed their belongings, and made their way to the destination. They were patiently waiting for their friend when all of a sudden they were attacked!
Last night, they were enjoying themselves when the situation quickly turned sour. They were on their way home from a social gathering when before they could realize, They were attacked by a mysterious figure!
On this fateful night they were on their way to the location when they felt something leering behind them. Before they could check they were being pinned to the ground by an attacker!
They made it to where they were supposed to be at around 9:30, like they do every night. This night felt like very other night but what happened next would cause them to change their mind. All of a sudden they were roughly shoved to the ground!
Last night was not a normal night. All week they had been getting weird texts, phone calls, and voicemails from a mysterious person. One night they could not take it anymore and when the mysterious person texted to meet them at this location, they accepted. The person texted to go to this location and wait approximately 10 minutes for them to arrive. Doing just that, they made their way there and patiently waited. Only after about 2 minutes of fidgeting they were attacked from behind!